chore(css): Add trackers in a pixel and fonts (#3648)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/ouds-release-template.md

    - [ ] Manually search and replace `$current_version` in all files, meaning changes should happen in:
      - [ ] The style sheet loaded in `.storybook/preview-head.html`
      - [ ] `docs_version` in `config.yml` and other references to the previous version

>       - [ ] Several changes in the `packages/**/scss/_composite.scss`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] Update the pixel tracker URL in all `packages/**/scss/_composite.scss`
```
Is there other changes to check?

Author: Nope indeed, good catch !
